---
image: michelle-lang.jpg
name: Bill Chamberlain 
---
Michelle Lang serves as the Vice President of AnalyticS Method Development for Cobalt Talon. Michelle comes to Cobalt Talon from Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas City where she spent over 18 years with the health insurance company.

While at Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas City, Michelle served in several roles from both an Information Technology and Business perspective. Her latest role was Director of Analytic Solutions where she helped consolidate the analytic reporting needs of the company along with providing reporting tool support. Michelle worked on the Corporate Data Warehouse team for over seven years where she was instrumental in the rebuilding of the warehouse. She also worked in the Population Health Department and HealthCare Information Services Department, where she worked closely with many of the business areas to understand and provide for their analytical reporting needs. In addition, Michelle worked in Medical Management and has experience with Utilization Review along with Case Management and Disease Management activities. Michelle also worked for a Pharmaceutical Research Company ensuring drug development protocols were followed and validated. Michelle has a vast knowledge and expertise of healthcare data from her multiple roles in this industry along with her education.

Michelle received her Bachelor Degrees in Business Administration and Health Information Management from the University of Kansas. In addition, Michelle has a Master’s Degree in Health Care Service Administration with a concentration in Health Care Outcomes from the University of Kansas. She is credentialed as a Registered Health Information Administrator.